# Time-Series-Forecasting
In the world of constant change, Inventory management has still been one of the biggest challenges that fast-paced FMCG experience today. To shed light on the implications of this issue, in this project, we explore the realm of inventory operation from the lens of Walmart. As a world leader in the FMCG industry, Walmart has always strived to incorporate innovative approaches not only to enhance its existing supply chain but also to anticipate future developments in this space. Recently, with the introduction of e- commerce and political instability, the global supply chain network has experienced a big shift. E-commerce allows customers to purchase goods from the convenience of their homes, allowing faster sales and higher customer expectations of product delivery. On the other hand, political instability can lead to longer than usual time required to meet deliveries. Focusing our research on Walmart, we noticed that Walmart is faced with an inventory management problem which is acting as a double-edged sword. On one end Walmart is experiencing the problem of stockouts, a problem that is costing the company high costs in terms of opportunity cost, as we are not meeting sales requirement of the consumer. On the other hand, Walmart also experiences the problem of unproductive stock, a scenario in which it experiences high unsold stocks gathering dust and storage costs in its warehouses. To tackle this issue, we believe Walmart can best address the two problems by predicting future sales and anticipating the surge in demand in well in advance. We developed a SARIMA model that leverages past trends in demand to predict potential future sales. To further ease the application of our findings and model, we have three recommendations for Walmart: (1) Deepen the application of SARIMA (2) Maintain bufer stock before busy months (3) Establish a collaborative partnership among its dealer stores.
